e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.Development.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.exe
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.deps.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.runtimeconfig.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.runtimeconfig.dev.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.pdb
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.Views.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.Views.pdb
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Language.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.HashCode.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Razor.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Contracts.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Core.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator-design.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Templating.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Utils.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGenerators.Mvc.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Convention.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\SportsPro.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\SportsPro.StaticWebAssets.xml
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\scopedcss\bundle\SportsPro.styles.css
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.TagHelpers.input.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.TagHelpers.output.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Home\About.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.Views.pdb
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.csproj.CopyComplete
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.pdb
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.genruntimeconfig.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\Create.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\Details.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\Create.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\Details.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Create.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Details.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Index.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\Create.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\Details.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\List.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\List.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\List.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.Development.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.exe
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.deps.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.runtimeconfig.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.runtimeconfig.dev.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.pdb
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.Views.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.Views.pdb
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Language.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.HashCode.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Razor.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Contracts.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Core.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator-design.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Templating.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Utils.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGenerators.Mvc.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Convention.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\SportsPro.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\SportsPro.StaticWebAssets.xml
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\scopedcss\bundle\SportsPro.styles.css
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.TagHelpers.input.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.TagHelpers.output.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\Create.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\Details.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\List.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Home\About.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\Create.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\Details.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\List.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\Create.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\Details.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\List.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Create.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Details.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Index.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.Views.pdb
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.csproj.CopyComplete
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.pdb
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\SportsPro\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.genruntimeconfig.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.Development.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.exe
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.deps.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.runtimeconfig.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.runtimeconfig.dev.json
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.pdb
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.Views.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.Views.pdb
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Language.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.HashCode.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Razor.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Contracts.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Core.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator-design.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Templating.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Utils.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGenerators.Mvc.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Convention.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\SportsPro.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\SportsPro.StaticWebAssets.xml
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\scopedcss\bundle\SportsPro.styles.css
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.TagHelpers.input.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.TagHelpers.output.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\Create.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\Details.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Customers\List.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Error.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Home\About.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Home\List.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\Create.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\Details.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Incidents\List.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\Create.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\Details.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Products\List.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Create.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Details.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Technicians\List.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\User\AccessDenied.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\User\Login.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.cshtml.g.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.Views.pdb
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.csproj.CopyComplete
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.dll
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.pdb
e:\Users\Masha\Documents\dotNet\Workshop 5\SportsPro\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SportsPro.genruntimeconfig.cache
